Update snowflake.md (#6760)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/data_and_infrastructure_agility/data_warehouses/snowflake.md

[Download the raw table schemas here.][schemas]

### User ID schema

> Importantly, note the difference between the Braze and Snowflake naming conventions for user IDs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note the following differences between Braze and Snowflake naming conventions for user IDs.
```

### User ID schema

Note the following differences between Braze and Snowflake naming conventions for user IDs.

> | Braze schema | Snowflake schema | Description | 

Author: Thanks @josh-mccrowell-braze - this update looks really really good :)
Definitely very clear in the new table layout you have listed. And really aprpeciate you reviewing this so quickly - will be a positive conversation with a few customers once this goes live :)
